Key Rooms


Dependency Room
This room represented as office room. When the player first start the game he will be in the start room which has two doors one will lead to hallway there will be the bedroom and the bathroom and at the end of the hallway will be the kitchen, this door should be locked in the beginning of the game, so the player have no choice but to go to the other door which is the door of the office. Here the player should learn to detach themself from the most things or person they are attached to. So the there is going to be a puzzle here , when you solve it you get the key for the hallway door. The key will be inside a combination lock box , the lock have 3 digits the player should type to open it. each one of the digits have a place to find it. first when the player interact when the phone a sound of call ring will play and a person they seem to know the player and the situation they are in will start to speak on the phone and tell the player how to solve the puzzle to get the key , the first digit will know it as the npc guide us and tell us about the paper on the computer desk , when the player click it a canvas of 2d paper will show , what written on it is code diagrams each of the diagrams has a number and one of them has a code smell we have to know which one , the npc will start to tell us the person working in this office is a software engineer and the stuff you are seeing is a test and it is freaking complicated so they start to tell us how to find the smell of the code , it is going to be a bit obvious. then the next digit the npc will start to talk about some password throwing it away and stuff then suddenly the sound gets unclear and cut off the call, so if the player click the phone again to call it will give them that the line is busy, so the anxiety increases and we have to cool our self with breathing and trying to figure out the puzzle on our on. there will be a paper dumped in the trash like the npc told us and when we pick it a password will be there and obviously it is for the computer. when type it in the computer , the desktop will open and a number will show that is the second digit. lastly the third one will be in paper placed above the piano when click it a sequence of notes is there and we have to arrange them correctly in order , the player should explore the room to find hint and numbers. The hint is written in a sticky note placed above a book , when clicking it a note will be saying “Time is your friend if you could just calm down. I know it feels like you do not have time , but you do have time you just do not have any to waste.” so that will make the player trying to search for a clock or something related with time and there is a digital clock that has the time 13:04 so when you arrange the notes with these numbers the last digit will appear and then they type it in the box lock and collect the key , interact with the hallway door and open it.
Illusion Room
The place will be represented as the bed room , it will have characters sitting in it. the room light should be turned off or very black to represent darkness , and the room will have small lamps in it that will give a slight light to the room in which the player will open the door and see people and hear voices of them judge and gossip about the player , because there will be a slight light in the darkness it will appear as if there is people but their faces and most of them is not clear, this thing will increase the anxiety so much so the player here has to options the first one is hide in bathroom and lock your self which will decrease the anxiety but this a wrong decision so the cost here is that after 30 second the door of the bathroom will start to shake representing people knocking hardly on the door and the sound of these people will be heard loudly than what it was before when he entered the bedroom as if the people shifted from the bedroom to outside of the bathroom. this bad decision will cause the anxiety to increase to the panic level which will cause panic attack and after that the loud sounds and the door shake and knock will be still there but now the bathroom door is unlocked so when the player open it the loud sounds and the door shake and knock will stop but the sounds will be back shifted to the bedroom and their effect too so the player should now do the right decision which is entering the room where the people and their sounds are in to search for the light switch missing piece so they can place it into the switch place and then the prefabs will change to the full light switch instead of the broken one and when the player hit it the light the light of the bedroom will be turned on the anxiety will decrease and all the sounds and people they were in the room will disappear representing that there was not anything real from the first place it is all on their head.
Expanding room
When the player enters the kitchen the room start gradually stretching or at least give the illusion of stretching,
and the player's movement speed drastically slows down,
simulating the feeling of trying to run through wet cement. The only way to reverse this
is for the player to stand completely still and complete breathing and with each inhale and exhale 
the room reverse from this logic.